Find out who gave it to me
He must pay the price is the president
Strange, I'm going to prepare
Mom, you don't have to worry about medical expenses
I've already handed it in. Okay. Okay.
Nuan
You must take good care of the poor in the Mu family.
Take good care of Miss Meng
Why does mom call you every time?
You can't even hear me?
As if he were your own daughter
What nonsense are you talking about? Mom is tired and hangs up first.
Where did the jade pendant come from?
Why is it in my pocket?
Who allowed you to enter Mu's house without wearing a mask?
Sorry ma'am
I'll bring a scumbag right away
The maid's daughter doesn't look like me either
If it weren't for today's richest man road vacation, he would come to propose marriage
What do you need?
I have to lock you up for three days and three nights
Let you have a long memory
Get up and get to work
Accounting
Madam, why don't I destroy this bitch?
He can get out of here like he's a bitch mother
No, my mother is fierce
That bastard can't forget that old bitch
I've been protecting that little bitch
Give them more oral breakfast
Grab his eight cakes and pay the price at 8 o'clock
Yes, ma'am.
Then I'll go prepare first
Mr. Lu will be here soon.
Mr. Du, please wait a moment.
The lady and the lady will be here soon
Why don't you smile at the guests quickly?